we are live in southern Israel with news
tonight from the defense minister that
his troops have now battled their way
into Gaza City thought to be the
stronghold of Hamas the fighting which
is Street to street is taking place just
a few kilometers off in the darkness
behind me across the border it's exactly
a month since Hamas killed 1,400 people
in coordinated attacks on Southern
Israel planned in Gaza and today
Israelis attended vigils lit candles and
held them minut silence in remembrance
of those who died well Israel's bombing
raids have intensified in recent days in
the city of Khan Unis in southern Gaza
dozens of Palestinians are reported to
have been killed and now the fighting is
said to be in the heart of Gaza City our
first report tonight is from Jeremy
boen Hass released video of their men
fighting in the streets of Gaza they
know they can't win a pitched battle so
they're using hit run tactics that will
intensify as Israel's tanks and troops
move deeper into Gaza City after an
Israeli striking hanun Southern Gaza
they were digging for survivors the town
is in the area Israel has told
Palestinians to go to stay safe but
nowhere safe Israel says this is
self-defense Palestinians call it
genocide Ahmed ayash had 27 members of
his family inside the house when it was
hit this is The Bravery of the So-Cal
Israel they show their might and power
against civilians babies inside kids
inside and elderly it is the mighty
Vengeance promised by Israel's prime
minister when Hass attacked a month
ago in Tel Aviv at the empty table set
for the hostages in Gaza friends and
families am mounting a 24-hour vigil the
national trauma Israel suffered a month
ago is not lessening in fact they're
reassessing everything not just
relations with the Palestinians but also
with Arab countries they thought they
were getting closer to and who are now
condemning everything they're doing in
Gaza and there's the issue of the safety
of Jews in places around the world where
the Palestinians get a lot of
support so even though Israel is more
secure than a month ago many more people
are out and about a real sense of threat
not just from Gaza remains Israel
insists that force not negotiations will
bring the hostages
back Shanny Luke's family hoped she was
a hostage until she was confirmed dead a
week ago friends filled her family home
with her portraits she was at the music
festival that was attacked we got this
horrible video that was shown all over a
friend of us sent it to us and he said I
I recognize Shani this is on on on the
truck on the pickup truck this is where
she was faed down yeah she was in a
weird position looks
unconscious Blood on the head and people
were the pickup was driving in inside
the Gaza Strip and people were shouting
and celebrating and spitting on her and
it was it was terrible and and we were
just in shock do you think Israel's
doing the right thing now I don't know
what the end will be because there are
really many civilians in innocent
civilians also there in in AA and they
they shouldn't suffer but U but there
needs to be something radical with the
terrorism be done because if not we will
be back in this in the next few years
they will get the weapons again and they
will train
again Israel's pounding of Gaza has not
stopped neither has its rage
diminished Jeremy bow BBC News in
southern Israel
well as we've been hearing Israel is
claiming to have reached the heart of
Gaza City tonight let's talk to Paul
Adams who's live in Jerusalem Paul this
potentially then is a significant moment
in this
conflict Clive I think we can say that
the battle for Gaza City has definitely
begun we have seen images in the last
day or two that show that the Israeli
military is all around the city they all
the way down the coast they've cut it
off from uh the Southern Gaza Strip so
their attention now is focusing ever
more closely on that very very built up
area of Gaza City and its nearby refugee
camps I think what they're going to do
is Mount operations from their positions
on the edge into Gaza City to tackle
what they regard as one of hamas's major
strongholds the problem for them is that
in many of the targets they have in mind
many many thousands of Palestinian
civilians are still clustered and the
Israelis argue that Hamas is using some
of those civilians as human Shields we
saw some people on the move today
thousands perhaps making their way South
along the road uh towards relative
safety but many many remain and that is
going to be a problem and then the
question is when the battle for Gaza
City is done where do the Israelis go
then indeed okay Paul thank you Paul
Adams their live in Jerusalem